what do you guys think these are orca
lights on Detroit Lions car actually
Cory or something or other I'm sorry I
don't watch football
so Lions fans may hate me for that one
but yeah that's the thing
hate internet welcome to another episode
of ten stuff I of course am Matt and
today I got a question from h2 Olga one
and he's wondering how to get behind 3rd
brake lights that don't touch the back
window now there's not a lot of space in
between the 3rd brake light in the back
window so there is some room to actually
temp behind some of them and I do have a
2012 Malibu in the shop actually I think
it's a 2010 but they're very very
similar they didn't change the Malibu
mod I'm not sure on the brand new ones I
have intended one but those Malibu's
have a brake light that doesn't pull out
of the car ones like the fusions you can
take out ones like Malibu's you can
actually temp behind but there are some
that press upright against the glass and
those you would need to remove the fold
deck lid in my opinion or try and cut
around now if it's fine with a customer
just cut around them
if you can't really sneak the film
behind it even a little bit then remove
the whole deck lid but tell me what you
guys think in the comments down below
that's just my opinion I know there's
other tenors that watch this too so if
you have a tip or a trick posted down
below or make a video and send it to me
alright so I'm going to use a couple
main tools and that would be these two
right here forget that this is a
bulldozer and this is a white with black
you can buy both on 44 tools com
all right so I have my back glass in
place and as you can see I still got a
lot of water bubbles at the bottom along
with air and that's obviously the
hardest form to get out and that's the
whole reason you have this problem so
what you want to do is you can take a
black and run white and go across the
whole thing and you'll push a good
majority out of it pretty easily but
also for that third brake light it's the
black with white it doesn't quite press
down hard enough on it so I'll try and
show you this as best I can so this is
the bulldozer now what I'm gonna do is
press down slide it and just loosen the
bulldozer right now let's see press it
down let it go
here sit down let it go likes it against
the back window and that should get rid
of all my air bubbles go over it one
more time to that bottom mattress press
down I'm gonna I'm gonna squeegee out
the whole back window one more time just
to make sure everything's out all right
so I want to take this bulldozer press
it against the back window press really
hard and then loosen up a bulldozer flex
it and then let it go and that way
you're not trailing any air bubbles of
that when you pull it back because if
you just press it flex it and pull it
back you'll pull the film right out of
the bottom of the window screw
everything out I've done it before
and we'll sweep again the black light
and now if I go on the outside clean off
my back window check it we should have a
pretty bubble free back window all right
so I finished the back window I'm
squeegeed the whole thing off and
there's just a couple little bubbles
down there root at the bottom corner for
the third brake light it's completely
clean so it's the rest of the back
window for that matter so I'm gonna take
a pack piece of door and actually use
that in my bottom corner take out those
last few bubbles
there you go
as you can see
being third brake light Leanback laughs
pretty simple didn't take me real longer
than any other window